omerbs110, eli.levinkopf
Omer Ben Simhon (316155233), Eli Levinkopf (205821879)
EX: 5

FILES:
container.cpp -- part 2 implementation
sockets.cpp -- part 3 implementation

REMARKS:
-

ANSWERS:

Q1:
One general use for the PID namespace is to allow process isolation. PID namespaces isolate the process ID number space,
meaning that processes in different PID namespaces can have the same PID. This is important because it means that processes
can be guaranteed not to have a conflicting PID with any other process. When considering a single system, of course,
there is no chance of PIDs conflicting because the system continuously increments the process ID number and never assigns
the same number twice. When dealing with containers across multiple machines, this issue becomes more salient.

Q2:
Creating a separate mount namespace allows each of these isolated processes to have a completely different view of the
 entire system’s mountpoint structure from the original one. This allows you to have a different root for each isolated process,
 as well as other mountpoints that are specific to those processes. When a parent process creates a new child process,
 from the parent process’s perspective, the child PID will be PARENT_PID.1.

Q3:
Control groups, usually referred to as cgroups, are a Linux kernel feature which allow processes to be organized into
 hierarchical groups whose usage of various types of resources can then be limited and monitored. The main use is limiting
 what a container can do, and whice of the systems resources it cas use.

Q4:
The main use of clone() is to create a new child process. By contrast with fork(), clone() provides more precise
control over what pieces of execution context are share between the calling process and the child process.  For example,
by using clone() you can limit the number of processes the child process can create.

Q5:
chroot command in Linux/Unix system is used to change the root directory. Every process/command in Linux/Unix like systems
 has a current working directory called root directory. It changes the root directory for currently running processes as
 well as its child processes.

Q6:
Proc file system (procfs) is virtual file system. It contains useful information about the processes that are currently
 running, it is regarded as control and information center for kernel. For example, to get the status information of a process,
 all you have to do is read the file /proc/PID/status and get details about it like its pid, number of threads etc.
